Apply 9800 default port, introduce `hosts` config for `logstash-output`. (#13)
logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-logstash: docs/index.asciidoc

Once the downstream pipeline is configured and running, you may send events from any number of upstream pipelines by adding a `logstash` output plugin that points to the downstream input.
You may need to configure SSL to trust the certificates presented by the downstream input plugin.

> NOTE: A plugin supports a single host for `hosts` now. Multi-host support is coming soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Single host endpoint is supported for `hosts`. Multi-host support is coming soon.
```

[source]
----
output {
  logstash {

>     hosts => ["10.0.0.123:8080"]

Author: ```suggestion
    hosts => ["10.0.0.123:9800"]
```
